hey guys it's Sarah from the dainty pan
I can't believe I'm actually saying this
but we're going to do some makeup and
even though I'm a licensed aesthetician
for some reason I think since I'm not a
beauty blogger and it feels super far
out of my comfort zone and I'm sure that
some of the techniques that I do because
they're not really techniques they're
just what worked for me and would
probably freak out some actual beauty
bloggers so just bear with me and today
we're talking about the mascara makeup
and I wasn't going to do this and then I
was and then I posted on my Instagram
story and a few of you asked for a
review on it so this is what we're going
to do today I might have a little bit on
from early this morning and actually has
stayed better than I feel like it used
to the first couple times that I did it
and I've learned a couple of tricks so
maybe those helped but we're just going
to get started I'll go wipe my face
really quick then I'll come back and
we'll do it we're just gonna do this
alright okay so I just wiped my face and
I have a little bit of residue just
mascara on the bottom but my face is
completely like unfound ation done
contoured unprimed um whatever the heck
else you're supposed to do when you put
makeup on which I'm sure I don't cuz I
skip a lot of steps and I'm about to
have five kids ages 5 and under and
honestly I just don't have a lot of time
to get ready so this has actually been
perfect and I didn't really have a ton
of complaints before like I didn't feel
like it took me a ton of time to get
ready but having it all in one compact
is really nice so that is a pro so I
don't sell it but I just thought it
would be fun to do a little review and
this is what I'm using at the moment I
am completely brand not loyal so you're
going to see me using products from
unique from mascara from the grocery
store from
yeah and he also sent a gent I actually
really like the lip scent and in another
video I used to sell those things
technically I was a distributor but in
another video I'm going to tell you why
I pulled out of selling anything at all
so yeah that's for another time but
let's get going on this mascara tutorial
first step I'm just going to pull my
hair back a little bit and so first I
guess you're supposed to start with a
primer which I didn't know when I first
started using it so this is what I have
on hand
it's the glorious face I face an eye
primer from unique I'm sure any primer
is totally fine and and I don't even use
this every time but here we go
[Music]
okay primer done I guess you're supposed
to let it dry so I'm just gonna dry for
a second this is where the mascara magic
happens I will be completely honest I
wasn't sure if I loved it the first even
time I bought this I think this was like
I don't know all the shades and then two
brushes were probably about a hundred
and fifty dollars so and I was like I
just spent $150 to do I love this and
and I didn't for a minute but I feel
like I got more used to it and actually
feel like it's it has not made me break
out which is awesome um I don't get a
ton of breakouts from products but I do
get hormonal breakouts yeah so that's a
good thing I really like the brushes I
think they're handy and easy to kind of
wipe down and I just really like him
also I wasn't sure if I loved it but
then last week I ordered a new shade of
contour and I think it I think I like it
a lot better honestly and so the last
couple days I've been a lot more happy
with it than I was before so here we go
here here I have two here I have two
shades these are just contours because I
haven't switched out and I haven't put
the right shade inside the other compact
yet and I just ordered extra
highlighters um in the color that I use
which is wheat so that I can refill the
other one but the compact came free so I
just bought four of the 3d individual
foundations so that it will come with
the extra compact just just for fun and
I thought it was really pretty yeah they
have awesome packaging which is which is
cool okay so I'm going to go in with
olive which is the one on the right and
you guys this is a no-judgment zone the
dainty pear is a no-judgment zone right
here we go so just go there and oh the
other thing I've heard is that you're
supposed to use a Beauty Blender which I
never do so
if the brush can't blend it in then it's
just not gonna work me so we figured out
how to make the brush work so I feel
like the olive tone is a lot better for
me then the other one was here's not and
I guess I've seen quite a few videos
where you are supposed to put it all on
and then blend it in afterwards I feel
like I just did that I don't know that
just doesn't work for me okay then I go
down the sides my nose okay and then
hairline and this literally will take
like five minutes and then we're done
which is which is good I don't usually
wear foundation um sometimes I will
especially if I hike to have a breakout
but I'm more of like a bronzer
illuminator blush person and lipstick
and that's it so
[Music]
okay I think I think that's all okay
then you flip the brush around to this
step this end and take your highlighter
so mine is not highlighter yeah
highlighter h AC highlight and contour
okay
you dip that in and then you go there
you go there and like I said I blend as
I go so we'll go up the middle of my
nose I feel like they're supposed to be
a rhyme and reason to this I came with a
diagram I just don't use it so but it
was really smart I loved I loved
everything in the packaging okay and
then I have a blemish on this side of my
nose so I'm going to go over that
[Music]
okay and then go back there
I guess chin I don't know you just put
it wherever you feel like it looks good
and then up into the forehead so this
area I guess is that the area that you
want highlight it so I've heard if you
go in a heart shape or something that's
where the highlight is supposed to be I
swear I learned about this in esthetics
well but makeup is not what I went in to
do even though I enjoy it so okay
there's that okay then I also got this
detail hack brush and I'm going to just
go in with the little end to the
illuminator and they're just like press
it above my cheekbones and I don't
really have cheekbones right now
cheekbones because I'm seven months
pregnant so we're gonna find some phones
make some faux teeth oh okay there's
that then I'm gonna go in on the tip of
my nose and just like press it in like
half way up how's it looking I don't
know I can't my camera does not have a
back screen so I'm using a mirror kind
of far away okay and then I've heard of
people using it like on their inner
corners of their eyes and then their
brow bones too which I'm not probably
not gonna do right now okay and then I'm
going to go back in with the contour cuz
like I said I don't have cheekbones and
then don't usually contour a ton but I
just makes it pretty easy so I'm going
to go back in with the olive color like
this
like this and the other thing I like
about this makeup is the more dewy look
I don't like the powder look on me of
the pressed powder look and I feel like
the dewy does have like come on gets
full of glow
so that is one thing that I do like the
first time I tried it I felt like it
didn't stay on very well and I think
I've mentioned that already um but and
it felt pretty greasy but now I think
maybe I just have a hang of it more and
have the right shades so there's that
okay can I come in there kind of blend
it out just a little bit and I'm
horrible at blending if you ever seen me
at Costco with lines on my face because
I'm not good at blending okay and then
sometimes I will go back in just with
like the highlight shade if I
recontoured my nose and then do that
grab the illuminator and just go up
again okay now oh yeah now I almost
always forget about the blush this blush
is so pigmented like a little goes a
super super long way so I'm just gonna
dab it in there you're supposed to wipe
off the contour I didn't do that
[Music]
and this is I'm sure we're makeup
artists would be like this girl does not
know what she's talking about
but hey I have to get ready every day
too if so well I don't get ready every
day do you get rid of every day okay
there's that there's that and there's
that and that is basically the entire
highlighting and contouring foundation
thing like they're all kind of in the
same steps so then I'm going to go in
with a bronzer just a little powder
bronzer this is the beachfront unique
bronzer just also what I had on hand and
then I go over that part over that part
I'm really curious how this is going to
look on the video so it looks fine in my
mirror but ya never know
um there's that and then I feel like the
powder kind of helps set it a little bit
which maybe is why it stays on better
than the first time I used it and she
does have some pressed powders and a
bronzer um but since I already had some
I didn't want to spend the money on it
so here's that and then you're supposed
to go in with a setting spray so the one
that I've been using is the urban decay
hits in my car so I'm not gonna use it
right now because I'm too lazy to walk
out there I'm too pregnant to walk out
there but that's one I've been using she
also has one called stay I think that's
what it is
I think the setting spray does help I've
only started using it in the last few
days so who knows but I've heard that it
is supposed to help a lot okay so I'm
just rummaging through my makeup bag
okay then I'm just going to go in on my
bottoms
I have eyelash extensions are now do
some lower mascara I'm like two feet
away from my mirror
[Music]
okay and then lipstick and whatever
lipstick you like works this is what I
have on hand this pink champagne lip
sensors just mimic a bag right now so
we're going to use that
[Music]
I'm going to take rose glass just what's
in my bag
[Music]
there's that and then I'm just going to
fill in my eyebrows because I forgot to
do that I probably should have done it
sooner
is there an actual order I hope there's
no makeup police because they'd be
coming for me I just picked this up at
the grocery store like five minutes ago
and I did it in the car when I pulled in
the driveway and I really liked it bye
but Revlon Colorstay um mine is some
sort of brown probably my brown medium
brown I've no yeah okay I'm just gonna
fill in a little bit because I wiped off
I should have just not wiped my eyebrows
but I wiped off the other one literally
feeling like a tiny tiny bit not a ton
[Music]
look up go down
here's that jump some eyebrow police all
right
[Music]
okay that is my attempt at mascara
makeup and I feel pretty good about it
it's like pretty quick pretty easy no
foundation pumping like clogging up
places I can still see my freckles which
not that I like love my freckles but I
don't I don't mind them and I feel like
when they're covered since they are
darker I feel like it's too much makeup
so I like that kind of your inner beauty
can shine through the makeup still and
like I said I don't sell it
but I know a lot of people do so if you
want it I can make a couple people down
below and I have some friends that do I
guess it's good if you're a mom with
lots of kids like me who does not have
time to get ready I feel like I can
throw it on super quick before preschool
drop off if I even choose to get ready
that day um yeah but yeah that's all I
have to say so that is my Kara makeup
tutorial I don't have tutorials the
right word you might not have learned
anything but it's just how I put it on
yo if you'd like to see more reviews let
me know what you'd like to see in the
comments and subscribe and I will talk
to you guys later feel for your find me
on instagram at the dainty pair and
message me if you have any comments or
questions see you guys